{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh10880\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 mike\
\
Michael Doehrman is a really cool cat who has an amazing portfolio of stories and experiences from his life. More importantly, he cares about everyone he meets and there are waaaaaay too many examples of this to include. Mike has been a police officer, detective, foreman of a factory, military trainer, chaplain, non traditional college student, deacon and quite few other things, which helps him to understand and communicate on a very deep level with people from all walks of life. A perfect example of why Mike would be an amazing mayor is demonstrated his stewardship of the church. When Mike was appointed to be the deacon and head of the Telluride Parish in the late 90\'92s, the church was in desperate need of repairs and there wasn\'92t much enthusiasm within the community. Now, in 2017, the church has been completely renovated with a basement added. St. Patrick\'92s now hosts over 10 large events yearly that draw people from miles away. Through renovation of the church hall Mike created a space for a local woman to greatly expand her nursery, providing more childcare in a market that desperately needs it. St. Patricks regularly donates thousands of dollars in all forms: coats, blankets, gift cards for grocery stores, tires, rent assistance, if you can think of a bill, he\'92s probably has too. Which leads me to the real reason i think Mike should be mayor, he has built an amazing, inclusive, generous, open, genuine and self sustaining parish and community. \
\
\
\
Keenan Duffey \
School Board (or whatever else he wants)\
\
While I have to admit I don\'92t know Keenan Duffey exceedingly well, I must say that I am certain that he is a passionate person. Of that, there is and can be no doubt. And Keenan is passionate about teaching. Also, he\'92s not one to shy away from a challenge, which I believe is perfectly shown by his choice to teach at Cole Middle School, a struggling, inner city school in Denver. So I\'92m his neighbor and would be out smoking when he\'92d get home from school and he would occasionally open up to the true struggles his students faced, the system\'92s lack of truly addressing them, and the teachers who, for the most part, were doing their damnedest to find ways to make it work. So yeah, I think that\'92s a pretty good reason. Oh and he\'92s also wicked smart, evidenced by graduating from Notre Dame and learning Arabic, both of which are exceedingly hard. He\'92s a truly good person, evidenced by working as an editor of a publication in Syria, one of the hardest places in the world to work\'85 That\'92s a couple of the reasons but there\'92s also this\'85 It seems like we always find the ones with passion too late. I\'92m am sure beyond all doubt, that he is invariably, one of those passionate change makers so we need to get him into whatever we possibly can because he will do great things!\
\
Mayor\
https://image.ibb.co/dhc5gk/keenan.jpg\
https://image.ibb.co/eFHz7Q/mike.jpg\
https://preview.ibb.co/hsBvE5/keenan.png\
\
\
Mayor Ben McAdams for Senate/Congress/President\
- I came across an article about Mr McAdams and was literally blown away. The following is from Courtney Tanner\'92s article in the Salt Lake City Tribune, Mayor McAdams performed \'93\'85what he describes as a fact-finding mission \'97 was part of three days and two nights he spent posing as a homeless person to gather information before recommending a new shelter location. Seeking a more personal perspective, he felt, could better guide future services and plans lacking in the current model.\'94 I was literally blown away. Here\'92s a politician who actually wants to experience the problem so he can have better understanding and first hand knowledge of the problem. This is EXACTLY the type of person we need leading our country. }